I haven't seen it, eh, I mean, I haven't seen it. I'm
going to watch it here with you guys, but it's
gone viral on social media. I'm surprised that it's
gone viral this year because
normally this is something that Leticia
Sabater has been doing for many
years. She did it once, like I think she was
sort of
joking around, and what happened when she did it
the first time was that she didn't like it anymore, she got
angry, she messed up, and that whole
thing, eh, what happened was that she didn't like it, she got
angry, right? And a
lot of YouTubers reacted to it,
okay. Leticia Sabater made a series of
videos. I don't know which one was the first. I don't know
if the first one was the big one. I
think it was one.
They're like Christmas videos but
like super q3, edited on purpose so
that YouTubers would watch the first one. I don't
know if it was done on purpose badly.
Let's go directly to her channel
so you understand me, okay,
because I have to put you in
context, context is very important,
okay.
Oh, of course, she uploads it on a
channel that's not hers. Luis  blasco look
this is today's okay barbecue to the
G spot That's the one from 5
months ago carve my turkey 4
years ago the [ __ ] mistress a
year ago they are video clips okay that's like that in a
tacky way
[Music]
wanting Christmas is crazy today so that
the youtubers Comment on it and get
attention it's obviously something she does
on purpose okay eh What's the deal
Well look here what happened was one thing
eh I recommended it to everyone I don't know
if she will continue doing it if I don't upload
excerpts because she continues doing it but
she went and what she did was eh she
claimed copyright on the videos in which comments were
made But she didn't claim
copyright and take them down but
kept the
monetization I don't know if she the producer
or whoever okay But what they did was
for example auron Play this was told by
auron Play also everyone who
reacted to the video to the video clip Ah
well look how tacky Haha look she has a
dove she has I don't know what
exactly Luis that's what I'm
saying otherwise they wouldn't take down your
video  they didn't take down your reaction but
when someone files a
complaint Three things can happen
either they block your video or they
give you a strike which is
another penalty
So he kept the monetization
of all the youtubers who commented on
that of course So in the end it's a good
sum of millions of
visits you know if you go and screw the one from
auron Play the one from Jordi wil the one from I don't know
who the one from I don't know how much of course it's a
good sum of visits So I
stopped
commenting on this Hi Letio There goes Santa Claus
Leticia I have a sick leave due to anxiety
last year Well in fact in fact
Leticia there is a youtuber Jordi Wild That
look at you Jordi Wild eh everyone goes
to his podcast for free, I mean Jordy W has
had Reverte I think twice
Iker Jiménez Franco
until recently this week he had Andil Luca he had
Kiko Rivera do you remember that we
were commenting on Kiko Rivera They
are collaborations that he doesn't pay for okay
And he has millions of visits
Jordi Wild's podcasts But he says he doesn't pay for
the guests because it's the essence of the
Channel I don't know what cuo because that way they don't
charge differently I don't know what I don't know I don't understand
La Movida because I don't see anything
bad even if he pays okay but
apparently Leticia Sabater was invited on
one occasion and asked for money I think she
asked for 4000 bucks people have treated me very
badly because everything has gone up so this
year you distribute the gifts because
people love you very much it's an
order
[Music] of
course I understand that she does this on
purpose I mean it's not like she
tries to make it super good and nice no no
I understand this is also very
shameless not on purpose so that
people comment on it and say oh what
[Music]
[ __ ] she won't claim this live if she
claims it I'll cut this piece you
understand so that the
[Music]
monetization doesn't stay
heart of course let's see I understand that this
Christmas tree here placed like this
drawing at the top well no no I don't think it was
without wanting the production you
understand me I woke up you broke goodbye this
Christmas I'll eat a viv and I won't cry
for you
[Music]
and when I woke up you broke my goodbye
this Christmas I'll eat a pón and I won't
cry for you
[Music]
love let's
see let's see let's
see but this host
Why ah it's not a host that he
hit him with a bottle he did a
Win michu there let's see what he hit him a I
mean But he grabbed a bottle of water
that he had on a table and said po
pica but just like that calmly
chill I also shot I mean Pau pau
just gave away 10 pieces of members
Pau pau you know what Pau pau Today I was
doing a challenge Today we are doing a
challenge on telesalseo to get
YouTube angry in which we are proposing to
people who can and want who can and
want to give away five members you have
already given away for two people p Pau
because I have asked people to
give us five members today  quotes each
one
five members quotes each one
only for the normal no I mean this one
that you go to the door of an
empty club okay Because besides there is nobody I
mean the most logical thing in the world that you
arrive at the door to a club
Well it's a
restaurant in a thong okay for some
reason you go to the door of a
club well of a restaurant on top of that
with a gift I mean you go to a restaurant
in your underwear and with a gift and they receive you with
a bottle and a couple of
nonsense to earn money okay there are
people who do what Leticia
Sabater does and there are people who do what Peppa does
[Music]
Beltrán we see each other again at last I
pretend although I still do
it but it's not like
too much for you Tell me baby do you think
about me at all I'm still here trying to ignore
you Merry Christmas on insta I sent you a
gift and a pink Story with an I love you
now it's
over
eh it's over eh I was thinking of
putting it as a ringtone on my phone so that
this wakes me up in the morning but it's going to
be that no  eh Javi how do you do that thing of
giving away five members Vanessa sweetheart
no idea Vanessa I can't tell you let's
see I think in the
chat I think in the chat below the
chat you have a button that is like a
dollar symbol and there you click okay
First you have to become a member
so that they appear to you because if you are not a
member it does not appear First you have to
become a member next to the
subscribe button there is a button that says join
and then it lets you give away members I think it's
like this Star ge Michel turning in his
grave
personal opinion do you like it do
you like the abdomen man I just
don't understand the
abdomen thing, I mean I understand that you get a
little lipo to get rid of Maybe the
fat if you're graceful and all that, but
that
abdomen, I mean putting that abdomen on a
woman, I mean it seems that, I mean it's
fake no, I mean this How do you do the abdomen thing
because this is more than a lipo it's nothing
more than removing the fat it's not like they
put you Here like a prosthesis I
don't understand that here it's like it has
like the Ninja Turtles no one one a
shell  so ahead of lie it's
not that I don't like it man I don't
like it I woke up broke lady
this Christmas I'll eat you
know it seems like the Ninja Turtles
[Music]
eh it's just super Random it's super
Random whatever I don't understand what it was because
you say Well something like that kind of tacky But
well it makes you laugh Antonio Marín just
gave away another five but I
think today is non-
stop I think today This is non-
stop non-stop today of
members I'm going to see how many members we have I mean
if you more or less
say Well the joke
is funny it's funny it's funny No well well
Okay well funny and tacky and you laugh
because look How funny the joke he
made or whatever like the videos of
José
mota that you sent me my my
sister Mia
Mia tiki ti Mia meow
tiqu tiqui Mia Mia
what is it that you sent me
that the video was promoted by Kiko
Hernández on his
Twitter But why would it be that it's from his
production company I don't think no no I don't think it
has anything to do with it  He will have shared it
because it must have been funny to
him.